Update README.md (#398)
alphagov/forms-runner: README.md

To run the project you will need to install:

- [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/) - we use version 3 of Ruby. Before running the project, double check the [.ruby-version](.ruby-version) file to see the exact version.
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - the frontend build requires Node.js. We use Node 18 LTS versions.

> - a running [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Do we need this here? The DB is needed for the API project, which is linked.

Author: Oh good point, I copied this from forms-admin which of course does need the database.

./bin/setup
```

### Running the app

You can either run the development task:

```bash
# Run the foreman dev server. This will also start the frontend dev task
./bin/dev
```

or run the rails server:

```bash
# Run a local Rails server
./bin/rails server

# When running the server, you can use any of the frontend tasks, e.g.:
npm run dev
```

You will also need to run the [forms-api service](https://github.com/alphagov/forms-api), as this app needs the API to create and access forms.

## Development tools

### Running the tests

> The app tests are written with [rspec-rails] and you can run them with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The app tests are written with [rspec-rails], and you can run them with:
```

```bash
bundle exec rspec
```

[rspec-rails]: https://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails

### Linting

> We use [RuboCop GOV.UK] for linting code. To autocorrect issues run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use [RuboCop GOV.UK] for linting code. To autocorrect issues, run:
```

| ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| `REDIS_URL` | The URL for Redis (optional) |

### Configuring Redis

> Redis sessions can be enabled by providing the redis connection URL in the environment variable `REDIS_URL`

Reviewer 2: Could we make this active? "You can enable Redis sessions by providing..."?

### Configuring GOV.UK Notify

We use [GOV.UK Notify] to send emails from our apps.

If you want to test the Notify functionality locally, you will need to get a test API key from the Notify service. Add it as an environment variable under `SETTINGS__GOVUK_NOTIFY__API_KEY` or add it to a local config file:

```
# config/settings.local.yml

# Settings for GOV.UK Notify api & email templates
govuk_notify:
  api_key: <API key from Notify>
```

[GOV.UK Notify]: https://www.notifications.service.gov.uk/

### Configuring Sentry

We use [Sentry] to catch and alert us about exceptions in production apps.

We currently have a very basic setup for Sentry in this repo for testing, which we will continue to build upon.

In order to use Sentry locally, you will need to:

1. Sign in to Sentry using your work Google account.
2. Create a new project.
3. Add the Sentry DSN to your environment as `SETTINGS__SENTRY__DSN`, or add it to a local config file:

```
# config/settings.local.yml

sentry:
  DSN: <DSN from Sentry>
```

> If you want to deliberately raise an exception to test, uncomment out the triggers in the [Sentry initializer script](config/initializers/sentry.rb). Whenever you run the app errors will be raised and should also come through on Sentry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to deliberately raise an exception to test, uncomment out the triggers in the [Sentry initializer script](config/initializers/sentry.rb). Whenever you run the app, errors will be raised and should also come through on Sentry.
```

[Sentry]: https://sentry.io

## Deploying apps

> The forms-runner app is containerised (see [Dockerfile](Dockerfile)) and can be deployed however you would normally deploy a containerised app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The forms-runner app is containerised (see [Dockerfile](Dockerfile)) and can be deployed in the same way you'd normally deploy a containerised app.
```

> We host our apps using Amazon Web Services (AWS). You can [read about how deployments happen on our team wiki, if you have access](https://github.com/alphagov/forms-team/wiki/Deploying-code-changes-AWS).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We host our apps using Amazon Web Services (AWS). You can [read about how deployments happen on our team wiki](https://github.com/alphagov/forms-team/wiki/Deploying-code-changes-AWS),  if you have access.
```

### Logging

> - HTTP access logs are managed using [Lograge](https://github.com/roidrage/lograge) and configured within [the application config](./config/application.rb).

Reviewer 2: You should manage HTTP access logs using [Lograge] (https://github.com/roidrage/lograge) and configure them within [the application config](./config/application.rb).

Author: I'm not sure what the word 'manage' means here, I think it would be clearer if it were

```suggestion
- You should should configure HTTP access logs in [the application config](./config/application.rb), using [Lograge](https://github.com/roidrage/lograge).
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good

> - Custom app logging should be made via the [LogEventService](./app/services/log_event_service.rb) and [EventLogger](./app/lib/event_logger.rb). This is independent to any Lograge configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Custom app logging should be made through the [LogEventService](./app/services/log_event_service.rb) and [EventLogger](./app/lib/event_logger.rb). This is independent from any Lograge configuration.
```

Author: The `LogEventService` has a set of 'helper' functions that should be used when a developer wants to log something; for example, at https://github.com/alphagov/forms-runner/blob/5c45a0a67fae394ff0ba8caceb80d4cfc27aa001/app/controllers/forms/page_controller.rb#L17 we use the `log_page_save` method to create a print a log message about a user filling in a form.

So I think it's more accurate to say that logs are made with the service. Maybe it could be "Custom app log messages should be made via the..."? Or if we want it to be active, something like:

```suggestion
- You should use the [LogEventService](./app/services/log_event_service.rb) and [EventLogger](./app/lib/event_logger.rb) to create any custom log messages. This is independent to any Lograge configuration.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think this works!

> - The output format is JSON using the [JsonLogFormatter](./app/lib/json_log_formatter.rb) to enable simpler searching and visbility, especially in Splunk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The output format is JSON, using the [JsonLogFormatter](./app/lib/json_log_formatter.rb) to enable simpler searching and visbility, especially in Splunk.
```
